Updates to Modules-page (#230)
pester/docs: docs/usage/modules.mdx

Export-ModuleMember -Function BuildIfChanged
```

## Testing public functions
You wish to write a unit test for this module which mocks the calls to `Get-Version` and `Get-NextVersion` from the module's `BuildIfChanged` command. In older versions of Pester, this was not possible. As of version 3.0, there are two ways you can perform unit tests of PowerShell script modules. The first is to inject mocks into a module:

> For these example, we'll assume the module above is installed in a path defined in you [`$env:PSModulePath`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_psmodulepath).

Author: ```suggestion
For these example, we'll assume the module above is installed in a path defined in [`$env:PSModulePath`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_psmodulepath).
```

> For these example, we'll assume the module above is installed in a path defined in you [`$env:PSModulePath`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_psmodulepath).

Author: ```suggestion
For these example, we'll assume the module above is installed in a path defined in [`$env:PSModulePath`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_psmodulepath).
```

}
```

### -ModuleName

Notice that in this example test script, all calls to [Mock](../commands/Mock) and [Should -Invoke](../commands/Should) have had the `-ModuleName MyModule` parameter added. This tells Pester to inject the mock into the module's scope, which causes any calls to those commands from inside the module to execute the mock instead.

> When you write your test script this way, you can mock commands that are called by the module's internal functions. However, your test script is still limited to accessing the public, exported members of the module. If you wanted to write a unit test that calls `Build` directly, for example, it wouldn't work using the above technique.
> 
> ## Testing private functions
> 
> That's where the second approach to script module testing comes into play. With Pester's [InModuleScope](../commands/InModuleScope) command, you can cause entire sections of your test script to execute inside the targeted script module. This gives you access to non-exported members of the module. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
When you write your test script this way, you can mock commands that are called by the module's internal functions. However, your test script is still limited to accessing the public, exported members of the module. If you wanted to write a unit test that calls `Build` directly, for example, it wouldn't work using the above technique. That's where the second approach to script module testing comes into play. 

## Testing private functions

With Pester's [InModuleScope](../commands/InModuleScope) command, you can cause entire sections of your test script to execute inside the targeted script module. This gives you access to non-exported members of the module. For example:
```

:::

## Working with different module types

Pester supports most module types in PowerShell, but there are some limitations with `Mock` and `InModuleScope` features for some module types.

### Types of Modules
PowerShell modules are a way of grouping related scripts and resources together to make it easier to use them. There are a number of different types of modules, each of which have slightly different characteristics:

- Script modules
- Binary modules
- Manifest modules
- Dynamic modules *(will also return Script as ModuleType)*

To determine the type of a module you can use the Get-Module cmdlet.

```powershell
ModuleType Version    Name
---------- -------    ----
Script     0.0        __DynamicModule_11b8a091-bd9b-49...
Binary     1.0.0.0    CimCmdlets
Manifest   3.1.0.0    Microsoft.PowerShell.Management
Manifest   3.1.0.0    Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility
Script     5.3.3      Pester
Script     2.0.0      PSReadline
```

> To inspect your modules you might need to use `-ListAvailable` or load the module first, using `Import-Module` and then inspect it.

Author: ```suggestion
To inspect your modules you might need to use `-ListAvailable` or load the module first using `Import-Module` and then inspect it.
```

:::tip
Read more about the different module types at Microsoft Docs, see [Understanding a Windows PowerShell Module](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/developer/module/understanding-a-windows-powershell-module).
:::

### Usage and workarounds

> Pester can be used to test the behavior of commands that are exported from all types of modules. Mocking exported commands is also possible in general. For example the following test will call the `Invoke-PublicMethod` command regardless of whether it is defined in a Script, Binary, Manifest or Dynamic module:

Author: ```suggestion
Pester can be used to both test and mock the behavior commands that are exported from all types of modules. For example the following tests will call the real `Invoke-PublicMethod` command and call a mocked implementation of it regardless of whether it is defined in a Script, Binary, Manifest or Dynamic module:
```
